namaste i am is drive
Welcome back to the tycoon game we have
glory to air stoxx he is doing
sales, but it was enough
Maluccio was not well understood and I want to
create a game today that it was
suggested by goldman 98 and in both
video i'm wrong and it's called ace with
the capital letter is east and braida of course
will be a space action for PC let's try
this time to make a PC game that
it will cost quite little
and we see what it is
maybe this will also have more sequels
let's always do it with graphics
2d and let's start developing it ok then
will have little history will have so much much
so much gameplay is an action and
let's see what turns up so much
I see technological design and technology
are good is an action then dialogues
there are none
level design we put it high as well
artificial intelligence
yes we have 6 against 23 we are helping
very good with design but with the
technology a little less and word design
high bass sound and high graphics ok a
apparently from a rumor company
Japanese is called I invent that
will save the understanding he is thinking of doing
starting a gaming console and a lot
soon then very probably
nes will arrive
soon the intervention is not known
for the arcade arcade game dink
and the kings that would be donkey kong instead
ok
we will also try to develop nintendo
maybe doing a lot of pennies
been we see this game as it does not have
very high expectations has a lot of
bug then we wait to solve them
before starting it all in the meantime
glory tor soft that made 10 thousand
almost 11 thousand copies with 76 thousand therefore
unfortunately not so much gain we see
if this space appeals to the public no
then it is a 9 10 is not high at all
But let's see what we combine it
a good combo so we need it
great gameplay we did
we begin to do some levels
practically everywhere except the sound e
in engine that hasn't developed so much
but meanwhile we are at level 2 of almost
all by the way, I am level 2 too
and let's leave the game
let's see a little that comes from five
4 however is a good space combination
and action 3 even my mom who
what bad that you guys are though
meanwhile we can start a research e
the search will be this engine like
see we are at 50 so let's go as well
with the engine and let's see what awaits us
meanwhile which sales are not for
nothing else so we have to do
definitely something soon with the
new engine especially here it is
to arrive and the test was confirmed
it would be nes nintendo entertainment
system
as you see very similar to
actually the loader among other things mi
would like to have one for me so if
you have old consoles from da
sending me would be very pleased
we have completed the search for del
taste main game engine
so now we can create the engine
let's see a little krait cost but game engine
let's see how much it costs to do it costs 120
mila do it we don't have this money but
we can procure them shortly with with
everything in this case practically
we have the possibility to have the
better graphics and other things than
we will see shortly more among the themes of
research I still want to do a research e
will be the racing theme so you have even more
possibility of advising me to finish
this is then we conclude the episode and there
see you at the next episode of this
tai game with ok we researched e
we can also search for steering wheel
so the device this time I think
we immediately see exact resource gameplay
we have the sterile that is practically is
the the steering wheel to be able to play ok is with
let's see this develop
I should develop a game and when
developed the game and gained
little something
I'll try to switch to
to develop the new game engine on
engine the game engine
ok with this is all I recommend
write in the comments below I am
reading all the videos included also
the previous ones are in fact there
very good ideas in the previous videos
so continue to vote all of them
video so take a look at everyone
put together with this is all there
see you at the next game episode of
tycon I am seen braidot namastè i
braves and just a moment we go on
historical gaming we end with space
for pc maybe even the fact that it was for
pc however a little bit of profit
we managed to do it and wanted to give
also a look at glory to air stop ska
ok he made us earn anyway
30,000 not 70,000 as the prince of padua
but we also tried on pc from
must have had been brive